The Jet Black Rose is a rare and hauntingly beautiful flower that grows in the frayed edges of the world, where the void and reality meet. Legend has it that it sprouted after a long forgotten War of Elder Tears, which tore a far-off land asunder due to its inhabitants' affinity for necromantic magic. Its petals are a deep black color, symbolizing the sorrow and despair that still lingers in the aftermath of the war. Despite its beauty, the flower serves as a grim reminder of the destructive power of magic and the terrible consequences that can come from wielding it.

Ulthrad's Bloom, a rare and magical flower, only began to grow during the first age, after the wedding of an elf who is said to be the most powerful magical being to have ever existed. The flower is said to be a testament to Ulthrad's power and the depth of his love for his elven bride, but the true purpose of the bloom remains shrouded in mystery. It is unclear whether the flower was crafted as a marker for Ulthrad's victories, serving as a symbol of his conquests and power, or as a reminder to his spouse of their love wherever she traveled without him.

Wheat is a sturdy and versatile staple food that was first cultivated by the first human settlers of Centriss during the Second Age. Its ubiquity and nearly universal affinity for all forms of magic make it an essential crop for nearly all civilizations across the Tapestry. According to legend, this gift of the True Dragons of the Loam was meant to transform the world into a bountiful garden for all those they cared for as their children.

Cinderbloom - a mysterious plant of unknown origin that is said to grow near the sites of ancient draconic conflicts and dragonlines in the Tapestry. Its uncanny affinity for fiery environments makes it a difficult crop to harvest and cultivate.

Aisob Leaf - Prolific in areas with human settlement is a rare and highly prized plant in wood elf society where it was first cultivated by their ancestors in the land of Emmel in the First Age. This remarkable plant has been carefully passed down to their descendants in the Riddle Wood, and the cultivation of the Aisob Leaf remains a closely guarded secret of any Wood Elf society.

Artichoke: Gods-damned delicious when mixed with anything thats not.

Tiger Lily is a rare and unique flower that is cultivated exclusively by the wildling societies of the Tapestry. During mating season, the flower's remarkable properties are said to enhance one's ability to communicate with animals and wildfolk.

Arrowroot was first discovered by the warriors of Kellarn, who were searching for a natural way to enhance their stamina and endurance in battle. The plant's properies are said to be attributed to the legendary capability of expectant mothers serving in the ranks of the societies heavy infantry allowing them give birth to healthy infants even after they perish in battle - albiet only while in the presence of their holy-women.

Seamint is said to gather its affinities from the lofting tufts of clouds that pass through mountains capturing the essence of the storms and snows that can only be seen from the heavens.

Tower Tuft - a favorite of Valenthynian Paladins of the First City for its spectacular affinity for protection magic as well as its sacred association with the Aras's Tower where it is grown in the secret inner gardens by initiates of the Hands of the Aras.